---
parent: Build
---

## First ideas

Our plan for a starting score is to be able to get one red ball in each goal and
only get out necessary blue balls. We did this to get a high score without
having to do as much scoring. By not scoring multiple balls in each goal which
would seem more efficient we got combo points which are worth a lot more.

The combos are worth six points each and with there being eight combos they are
worth th majority of points. Since we didn't have enough time to score all the
balls the easiest way to get a high score is to get combos. By only taking out
one blue ball in th center and putting one red in each goal the score is
already 106.

We managed to score 112 driving score using this and getting a few extra balls
scored.

For the next competition we used dual controllers so that one could drive and
score and the other could try to take out the blue balls from the goals to
increase the score we also tried to go for scoring a few extra red balls. With
these changes we managed to score 117 points at the next competition.

## Ideas with robot v2

With the faster speeds of the new robot we started trying for a full score
driving run but since it wasn't perfected so we only got 120 at the next
competition. One thing that helped a lot was adding the deflector since it made
it much easier to score the centre goal. We changed it to have auto pooping to
get rid of the balls instead of dual controllers for a more consistent removal
of balls.

After more driving practice and perfecting the robot we were able to get up to
124 but we only got 122 at competition but it was still enough to win our local
competition.

## Robot v3/World plan

With the rebuild of the intakes so that they can intake out of the centre we
save a lot of time. Before th rebuild we had to spend a lot of time poking out
the blue balls from the centre. Now with the rebuild we can go in and take out
the blues and put in the re in a smooth motion which is muh more efficient.

We also decided to go back to using dual controllers so that we an specifically
control where we get rid of the blue balls so that we can stick to a more
controlled plan so that we know what to go for which helped us streamline the
run and give us a faster run.

We have done we have already got a full score of 126 in practice with very
little driving practice and we hope to be able to get a pretty good stop time.
